Microservices liveness probes with help of Prometheus (#1173)
GoogleCloudPlatform/bank-of-anthos: extras/prometheus/gmp/README.md

# GMP on GKE cluster

This directory contains files related to configuring probing of Bank of Anthos' microservices with GMP on GKE

> 

Author: Got it. Thank you.

> * `blackbox-exporter.yaml` - Deployment manifest of [Blackbox exporter](https://github.com/prometheus/blackbox_exporter/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `blackbox-exporter.yaml` - contains the Deployment definition of [Blackbox exporter](https://github.com/prometheus/blackbox_exporter/)
```

> * `probes.yaml` - File contains GMP PodMonitoring custom resource which scrape metrics from Blackbox Exporter with configuration for each microservice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `probes.yaml` - contains the GMP PodMonitoring custom resource definitions per microservice. One monitoring configuration per microservice is defined to be run by the  Blackbox exporter.
```

Reviewer: Stay consistent with the naming of `Blackbox exporter`. Uppercase B and lowercase e

> * `rules.yaml` - File contains GMP Rules custom resource

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `rules.yaml` - contains the GMP Rules custom resource definition.
```

> * `alertmanager.yaml` - File contains configuration of Alertmanager to send notifications to Slack channel via Webhook URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `alertmanager.yaml` - contains configuration of Alertmanager to send notifications to Slack channel via Webhook URL.
```
